number of paths: 1, current: a
path rejected: a
number of paths: 1, current: i
path: ai
path rejected: i
number of paths: 2, current: e
path: ae
path rejected: e
path rejected: e
number of paths: 3, current: m
path: am
path: aim
path: aem
path rejected: m
path rejected: m
path rejected: m
number of paths: 6, current: c
path: ac
path rejected: c
path rejected: c
path rejected: c
path rejected: c
path rejected: c
path rejected: c
number of paths: 7, current: k
path: ak
path: aik
path: aek
path rejected: k
path rejected: k
path rejected: k
path: ack
path rejected: k
path rejected: k
path rejected: k
path rejected: k
number of paths: 11, current: g
path: ag
path rejected: g
path: aeg
path rejected: g
path rejected: g
path rejected: g
path: acg
path rejected: g
path rejected: g
path rejected: g
path rejected: g
path rejected: g
path rejected: g
path rejected: g
number of paths: 14, current: o
path: ao
path: aio
path: aeo
path: amo
path: aimo
path: aemo
path: aco
path: ako
path: aiko
path: aeko
path: acko
path: ago
path: aego
path: acgo
path rejected: o
path rejected: o
path rejected: o
path rejected: o
path rejected: o
path rejected: o
path rejected: o
path rejected: o
path rejected: o
path rejected: o
path rejected: o
path rejected: o
path rejected: o
path rejected: o
number of paths: 28, current: b
path: ab
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
number of paths: 28, current: j
path: abj
path: aij
path: aej
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path: acj
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path: agj
path: aegj
path: acgj
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
number of paths: 34, current: f
path: abf
path rejected: f
path: aef
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path: acf
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
number of paths: 36, current: n
path: abn
path: aijn
path: aefn
path: amn
path: aimn
path: aemn
path: acn
path: akn
path: aikn
path: aekn
path: ackn
path: agn
path: aegn
path: acgn
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path: abjn
path: aejn
path: acjn
path: agjn
path: aegjn
path: acgjn
path: abfn
path: acfn
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
number of paths: 55, current: d
path: abd
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path: acd
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
number of paths: 56, current: l
path: abl
path: aijl
path: aefl
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path: acdl
path: akl
path: aikl
path: aekl
path: ackl
path: agl
path: aegl
path: acgl
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path: abjl
path: aejl
path: acjl
path: agjl
path: aegjl
path: acgjl
path: abfl
path: acfl
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path: abdl
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
number of paths: 72, current: h
path: abh
path rejected: h
path: aefh
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path: acdh
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path: agh
path: aegh
path: acgh
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path: abfh
path: acfh
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path: abdh
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
number of paths: 78, current: p
path: abp
path: aijp
path: aefp
path: amnp
path: aimnp
path: aemnp
path: acdp
path: aklp
path: aiklp
path: aeklp
path: acklp
path: aghp
path: aeghp
path: acghp
path: aop
path: aiop
path: aeop
path: amop
path: aimop
path: aemop
path: acop
path: akop
path: aikop
path: aekop
path: ackop
path: agop
path: aegop
path: acgop
path: abjp
path: aejp
path: acjp
path: agjp
path: aegjp
path: acgjp
path: abfp
path: acfp
path: abnp
path: aijnp
path: aefnp
path: acnp
path: aknp
path: aiknp
path: aeknp
path: acknp
path: agnp
path: aegnp
path: acgnp
path: abjnp
path: aejnp
path: acjnp
path: agjnp
path: aegjnp
path: acgjnp
path: abfnp
path: acfnp
path: abdp
path: ablp
path: aijlp
path: aeflp
path: acdlp
path: aglp
path: aeglp
path: acglp
path: abjlp
path: aejlp
path: acjlp
path: agjlp
path: aegjlp
path: acgjlp
path: abflp
path: acflp
path: abdlp
path: abhp
path: aefhp
path: acdhp
path: abfhp
path: acfhp
path: abdhp
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
number of paths: 1, current: i
path rejected: i
number of paths: 1, current: e
path rejected: e
number of paths: 1, current: m
path: im
path rejected: m
number of paths: 2, current: c
path rejected: c
path rejected: c
number of paths: 2, current: k
path: ik
path rejected: k
path rejected: k
number of paths: 3, current: g
path rejected: g
path rejected: g
path rejected: g
number of paths: 3, current: o
path: io
path: imo
path: iko
path rejected: o
path rejected: o
path rejected: o
number of paths: 6, current: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
number of paths: 6, current: j
path: ij
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
number of paths: 6, current: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
number of paths: 6, current: n
path: ijn
path: imn
path: ikn
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
number of paths: 8, current: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
number of paths: 8, current: l
path: ijl
path rejected: l
path: ikl
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
number of paths: 9, current: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
number of paths: 9, current: p
path: ijp
path: imnp
path: iklp
path: iop
path: imop
path: ikop
path: ijnp
path: iknp
path: ijlp
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
number of paths: 1, current: e
path rejected: e
number of paths: 1, current: m
path: em
path rejected: m
number of paths: 2, current: c
path rejected: c
path rejected: c
number of paths: 2, current: k
path: ek
path rejected: k
path rejected: k
number of paths: 3, current: g
path: eg
path rejected: g
path rejected: g
path rejected: g
number of paths: 4, current: o
path: eo
path: emo
path: eko
path: ego
path rejected: o
path rejected: o
path rejected: o
path rejected: o
number of paths: 8, current: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
number of paths: 8, current: j
path: ej
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path: egj
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
number of paths: 10, current: f
path: ef
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
number of paths: 10, current: n
path: efn
path: emn
path: ekn
path: egn
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path: ejn
path: egjn
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
number of paths: 15, current: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
number of paths: 15, current: l
path: efl
path rejected: l
path: ekl
path: egl
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path: ejl
path: egjl
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
number of paths: 19, current: h
path: efh
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path: egh
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
number of paths: 20, current: p
path: efp
path: emnp
path: eklp
path: eghp
path: eop
path: emop
path: ekop
path: egop
path: ejp
path: egjp
path: efnp
path: eknp
path: egnp
path: ejnp
path: egjnp
path: eflp
path: eglp
path: ejlp
path: egjlp
path: efhp
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
number of paths: 1, current: m
path rejected: m
number of paths: 1, current: c
path rejected: c
number of paths: 1, current: k
path rejected: k
number of paths: 1, current: g
path rejected: g
number of paths: 1, current: o
path: mo
path rejected: o
number of paths: 2, current: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
number of paths: 2, current: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
number of paths: 2, current: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
number of paths: 2, current: n
path: mn
path rejected: n
number of paths: 2, current: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
number of paths: 2, current: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
number of paths: 2, current: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
number of paths: 2, current: p
path: mnp
path: mop
path rejected: p
number of paths: 1, current: c
path rejected: c
number of paths: 1, current: k
path: ck
path rejected: k
number of paths: 2, current: g
path: cg
path rejected: g
path rejected: g
number of paths: 3, current: o
path: co
path: cko
path: cgo
path rejected: o
path rejected: o
path rejected: o
number of paths: 6, current: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
number of paths: 6, current: j
path: cj
path rejected: j
path: cgj
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
number of paths: 8, current: f
path: cf
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
number of paths: 9, current: n
path: cn
path: ckn
path: cgn
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path: cjn
path: cgjn
path: cfn
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
number of paths: 15, current: d
path: cd
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
number of paths: 15, current: l
path: cdl
path: ckl
path: cgl
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path: cjl
path: cgjl
path: cfl
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
number of paths: 20, current: h
path: cdh
path rejected: h
path: cgh
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path: cfh
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
number of paths: 22, current: p
path: cdp
path: cklp
path: cghp
path: cop
path: ckop
path: cgop
path: cjp
path: cgjp
path: cfp
path: cnp
path: cknp
path: cgnp
path: cjnp
path: cgjnp
path: cfnp
path: cdlp
path: cglp
path: cjlp
path: cgjlp
path: cflp
path: cdhp
path: cfhp
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
number of paths: 1, current: k
path rejected: k
number of paths: 1, current: g
path rejected: g
number of paths: 1, current: o
path: ko
path rejected: o
number of paths: 2, current: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
number of paths: 2, current: j
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
number of paths: 2, current: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
number of paths: 2, current: n
path: kn
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
number of paths: 3, current: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
number of paths: 3, current: l
path: kl
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
number of paths: 3, current: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
number of paths: 3, current: p
path: klp
path: kop
path: knp
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
number of paths: 1, current: g
path rejected: g
number of paths: 1, current: o
path: go
path rejected: o
number of paths: 2, current: b
path rejected: b
path rejected: b
number of paths: 2, current: j
path: gj
path rejected: j
path rejected: j
number of paths: 3, current: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
number of paths: 3, current: n
path: gn
path rejected: n
path: gjn
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
number of paths: 5, current: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
number of paths: 5, current: l
path: gl
path rejected: l
path: gjl
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
number of paths: 7, current: h
path: gh
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
number of paths: 7, current: p
path: ghp
path: gop
path: gjp
path: gnp
path: gjnp
path: glp
path: gjlp
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
number of paths: 1, current: o
path rejected: o
number of paths: 1, current: b
path rejected: b
number of paths: 1, current: j
path rejected: j
number of paths: 1, current: f
path rejected: f
number of paths: 1, current: n
path rejected: n
number of paths: 1, current: d
path rejected: d
number of paths: 1, current: l
path rejected: l
number of paths: 1, current: h
path rejected: h
number of paths: 1, current: p
path: op
number of paths: 1, current: b
path rejected: b
number of paths: 1, current: j
path: bj
path rejected: j
number of paths: 2, current: f
path: bf
path rejected: f
path rejected: f
number of paths: 3, current: n
path: bn
path: bjn
path: bfn
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
path rejected: n
number of paths: 6, current: d
path: bd
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
number of paths: 7, current: l
path: bl
path: bjl
path: bfl
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path: bdl
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
number of paths: 11, current: h
path: bh
path rejected: h
path: bfh
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path: bdh
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
number of paths: 14, current: p
path: bp
path: bjp
path: bfp
path: bnp
path: bjnp
path: bfnp
path: bdp
path: blp
path: bjlp
path: bflp
path: bdlp
path: bhp
path: bfhp
path: bdhp
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
number of paths: 1, current: j
path rejected: j
number of paths: 1, current: f
path rejected: f
number of paths: 1, current: n
path: jn
path rejected: n
number of paths: 2, current: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
number of paths: 2, current: l
path: jl
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
number of paths: 3, current: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
number of paths: 3, current: p
path: jp
path: jnp
path: jlp
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
number of paths: 1, current: f
path rejected: f
number of paths: 1, current: n
path: fn
path rejected: n
number of paths: 2, current: d
path rejected: d
path rejected: d
number of paths: 2, current: l
path: fl
path rejected: l
path rejected: l
number of paths: 3, current: h
path: fh
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
number of paths: 4, current: p
path: fp
path: fnp
path: flp
path: fhp
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
number of paths: 1, current: n
path rejected: n
number of paths: 1, current: d
path rejected: d
number of paths: 1, current: l
path rejected: l
number of paths: 1, current: h
path rejected: h
number of paths: 1, current: p
path: np
path rejected: p
number of paths: 1, current: d
path rejected: d
number of paths: 1, current: l
path: dl
path rejected: l
number of paths: 2, current: h
path: dh
path rejected: h
path rejected: h
number of paths: 3, current: p
path: dp
path: dlp
path: dhp
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
path rejected: p
number of paths: 1, current: l
path rejected: l
number of paths: 1, current: h
path rejected: h
number of paths: 1, current: p
path: lp
path rejected: p
number of paths: 1, current: h
path rejected: h
number of paths: 1, current: p
path: hp
path rejected: p
number of paths: 1, current: p
path rejected: p
longest run: aegjnp
